It's another beautiful day
on the Beautiful Reef
with me. Beautiful Mike!
I know you can't see me.
but I can assure you I am
very attractive.
Whoa!
Ooh. whoa!
Up next. we're
talking Orca-ward encounters.
Have things ever
got uncomfortable
with a killer whale?
Plus. your chance to
see Nicki Mi-Narwhal
live at Maritime
Squid Gardens.
But first. it's the
latest from Jordin Sharks.
♪ Hot sunshine looking
through a sauna ♪
♪ Too try. si. like
they say in Barcelona ♪
♪ I'm a unoriginal.
flat tire visual ♪
♪ Locked in a track with a
So I said. thanks for
the pearl of wisdom!
Hm!
You can do this.
Maybe they won't even
notice you.
-Whoa. whoa. I'm not ready!
-Catch!
Oh!
-Ooh.
-Oh.
So. guess who I
saw the other day.
-Hey!
-Huh?
-Whoa!
-Is he okay?
Should we say something?
Like what?
I dunno. cheer up?
Cheer up?
What's wrong with cheer up?
How would you feel if
somebody told you to cheer up?
Hey. you don't think
he can hear us. do you?
Huh?
Hm.
Cheer up!
Huh?
I told you!
Nice going. Trish.
Hey. buddy!
Smile. you'll live longer!
Morning. shoppers.
And welcome to Hector's.
your one-stop shop
for all your hardware needs.
A reminder for all shoppers.
flotation support is available
with buoy now. pay later deal.
It takes more muscles
to frown. you know.
Go on. give us a grin!
Don't let
things get carried away.
shop our range of
anchors today.
-   You are a Pout-Pout Fish.
- Om.
I am a Pout-Pout Fish.
With a Pout-Pout Face.
With
a Pout-Pout face.
And you spread
the dreary-wearies.
I spread
All over the place.
All-
Hey there. cranky pants.
Here's your mail.
It's
another beautiful day
on the Beautiful Reef. oh!
Come on.
you can do this.
Cheer up. mate.
Smile.
It takes more
muscles to frown.
Give us a grin.
-You are a Pout-Pout Fish.
-Om.
Hey there. cranky pants.
It's another-
Cheer up. mate.
Smile.
Frown.
Grin.
-Are a Pout-Pout Fish.
-Om.
Hey there. cranky pants.
It's a-
Cheer up!
-Smile!
-Frown.
Grin.
-You-
-Hm!
Cranky pants.
It's a-
Cheer up!
Smile!
-Frown.
-Grin.
Cranky-
-Cheer up!
-Frown.
Grin.
Just this. Thanks.
Are you sure?
Because we have other options.
This is what I want.
Thank you.
A reminder for
all you jellyfish out there.
our squid-pro-quo
promotion ends today.
Yes. I got you!
No. you didn't!
-Yes I did!
-No you didn't!
- I did!
- Did not.
Yes I did!
Huh?
Come on. Sophia.
time to go see Maya.
Can't I just play
for a minute. Dad?
We have to get home. remember?
You always say that.
We don't know
those fish. kiddo.
So. we're gonna
get to know them!
No. No. wait!
Stop!
Huh?
Who is that?
Why did his dad shout at him?
-Is he in trouble?
-I don't wanna play anymore.
-Did he say something?
-What is he doing?
-Why is his dad so angry?
-Are they from around here?
I've never seen them before.
It's okay. Come on.
We can play together
when we get home.
Perfect.
Hey!
Huh?
Hyah!
What're you doing?
Those are mine!
I clearly saw them first.
Whoa!
And that's how it
works at a junkyard.
This is my home!
Oh!
Uh. and might I say
what a beautiful job
you've done decorating!
Grimy moss with old
garbage? Very bold.
I do wonder if it's
a little cluttered. though.
Perhaps there are a few items
you'd like taken off your fins?
Just put it back
where you found it.
Oh. come on!
You know how hard it is
to renovate on a budget.
And this extension
has to happen ASAP.
We just moved here
and my parents
have 3 or 400 babies on the way.
What? That's how many
sea dragons have.
So. where are your
brothers and sisters?
Moved out. I'm a late bloomer.
Well. that's one
word for what you are.
-Hmm-
-Look.
You think that shoe box
can handle all those
little miracles?
Up and coming neighborhood.
lot of potential.
But if we don't expand.
there'll be no room for old Pip!
Who's Pip?
I'm Pip. silly!
So. what do you say?
Can you help Pip out?
Pwease?
Hm.
Hm?
Okay. you can
have a couple of things.
Yay!
Ooh. what about this?
No.
-And this?
-That's not available.
-This is very me.
-Don't touch that!
Do you have this
in fuchsia? Ooh!
Hey! Whoa!
What is fuchsia?
This is a must-have.
Not with your bare fins!
Oh. I don't know how
I lived without this!
Well. you're gonna
keep living without it.
Well. what can I have?
You can have what I tell you.
What about this?
-If you just-
-What about this?
-Would you please-
Could you not?
Why are you saying no
to everything I ask for?
Because this place is delicate
and if you just up
and grab any old thing
there's no telling what'll...
...happen.
No. no. no!
My home!
Oof.
Well. maybe some of
it is salvageable.
Whoa!
Wow. Exact same spot.
I'm not even sure
how to react to that.
Wait. no.
Oh. come on. don't cry.
Why shouldn't I?
You made the ship crush my home!
I mean. I might've had
a minor part in that. but--
Mom and Dad put me
in charge for one day
and I tried to do
something nice.
and then you go
destroy our house!
Oh. what am I gonna tell them?
They're gonna be so mad
and everything
is gonna change
and they'll send
me away forever!
Okay. no. you
don't wanna do that.
Uh. hm...
Huh?
Here.
Okay. Okay. good.
That's good.
Well. not for the pufferfish.
Oh. sorry.
No problem!
Huh?
It's all gone.
What are we gonna do?
Only thing we can do.
Wait. Where are you going?
Would you wait up?
Smile. you'll live longer.
Thanks! I will.
-Ha ha! Yes!
-Attention all crabs.
Our new sport
shells are on sale.
Perfect for that
mid-life-cycle crisis.
You can't seriously be
planning on rebuilding
that ship from scratch.
You got a better idea?
Only about a million.
Uh.
Uh. hm.
That's what I thought.
Oh.
Wait!
What about Shimmer?
Sh!
I did. "Sh!" I whispered it!
It's not I was like. "Shimmer!"
Did someone say Shimmer?
Has someone seen Shimmer?
Do you know where Shimmer is?
I can see how you
would blame me for that.
So. is it true what
they say about her?
Depends on what you've heard.
I heard she's magic.
I heard she'll create
anything you wish for.
I heard she's even
more beautiful than me!
I heard no one's
ever seen her.
I heard her scales
are made of secrets.
I heard she's the daughter
of a whisper and a dream.
I heard that the real Shimmer
was inside us all along.
I heard she can
make that cranky pants
on your mail route turn
that frown upside down!
Well. that's it!
We need to find her.
We tell her our wish.
she fixes your ship.
fixes my home.
my parents aren't mad.
and there's room for my 300
baby brothers and sisters.
That's your plan?
Chase a made up fish
that grants magic wishes?
I should've
known a fish like you
wouldn't believe in Shimmer.
Oh.
Dad?
Dad. where are you?
It's okay.
we can play together
when we get home.
-Dad?
-Who's he?
Why did his
dad shout at him?
-He's in trouble.
-Show me!
Shimmer?
Okay. maybe I have
heard of Shimmer.
Ooh!
But if she is real.
she only grants one wish
and it takes so much energy.
she can't grant another
one for a long. long time.
Sounds like
you've heard a lot.
Maybe.
But I'm warning you.
if you chase some magical
dream all over the ocean.
hoping for a new home
and wind up with nothing.
you'll be a lot sadder
than you are right now.
Woohoo! We're gonna find
Shimmer.
Did you even hear
one word I said?
I heard six. "Magical.
dream. new. home. right. now!"
Follow me.
It's a whale of a sale
with our Humpback
Friday deals.
Everything must go!
We're looking
for. you know who.
Mm mm mm
mm. can't help you.
Come on. everyone
knows you hear things.
A tuna coughs in the Baltic
and you're there with a lozenge.
It doesn't mean
I know everything.
Oh.
Start crying.
What?
Trust me.
Oh!
I need a wish because
Mr. Fish destroyed my home
and now my parents
wouldn't have any place
for my 300 baby brothers
and sisters and me to live
and they'll think
it's all my fault
and everything will change!
You destroyed a
little girl's home?
You probably could've
left that bit out.
But he lost his home too.
And he's trying to
help me get mine back.
We just need to
find you know who.
Pwease?
Okay. okay! Alright.
But this is unverified.
A business associate's
upstairs neighbor's nephew
reckons he may have seen
a pink and silver flash
at Jellyfish Junction this week.
Jellyfish Junction?
I know where that is.
Let joy be unconfined.
Well. best of luck.
Wait. what?
You're not coming with me?
Why would I?
I've never been out
of the Reef by myself.
I'm scared.
Why don't you go?
I have a shop to run!
I have a home to rebuild.
You can't restore an
entire trawler on your own.
He won't be alone.
We're going to restore
that thing together!
Building a trawler ship
and a friendship!
With every passing second.
we'll explore more about
what makes you you.
Not because you want to.
but because I won't let it go.
And in the end. we will
turn that frown upside down
because that would make
you more palatable to me.
-Hm?
-What do you say?
You ready to turn those
cranky pants into happy pants?
Okay. Let's go find her.
Yay!
Oi! Slow down!
There are children around here.
Fresh intel. coming in hot.
Whoa!
Hey. hey.
-Woo!
-Look out!
Hey. Benji!
Woo! Yeah!
Whoa!
Ha!
Still got it.
Oh. you naughty Benji!
Whoa!
Woo!
Yo. whoa. ladies.
I got a winner.
Good morning to the
best Abyss in the world!
Archie.
Gimme 10.
Dude. stop looking up.
It's going to be fine.
But it's not though.
The light's almost
completely gone.
So. it's a little
bit colder down here.
Some of us don't
mind being cool.
This guy gets it.
Actually. my arm is frozen.
I'm telling you. that
kelp won't stop growing!
Which is exactly why we sent
someone in to sort it out.
And we never saw Chuck again!
This is all your fault.
Probably should've
checked we could grip kelp
before we sent him.
In any case. my mom would never
let anything happen to us.
She's got a plan.
Cuttlefish
of the Abyss. assemble!
Let's go.
See?
It's all good. Arch.
Huh?
My fellow cuttlefish.
You all know the dire
situation we face.
The kelp at the top of our
Abyss has grown so thick.
it's blocking our sun.
And with no sun.
we will perish.
Perish?
Oh. I don't wanna perish!
Sorry.
This leaves us
with only one choice.
Here it comes.
We must abandon
the Abyss. forever.
What?
Way to keep it chill.
It makes no sense!
This is our home!
We can't just abandon it.
I understand. Benji.
but if we don't take
drastic action now.
the whole pod is in danger.
We have to leave.
And go where?
The Reef above the kelp.
Mom. there's tons of fish
already living on the Reef.
Then they'll have
some new neighbors.
What if they
don't want us there?
I'm sure we'll find
a way to convince them.
I know you don't like it.
but sometimes that's
what being a leader is.
Making hard decisions.
I know how to be a leader.
I'm sorry. Benji.
but in 24 hours
the kelp will completely
block the Abyss.
We are out out of time.
What about Shimmer?
The fairytale wishing fish?
She's not a fairytale.
I've seen the
flashes of pink light
at the top of the Abyss.
She's real!
And. and if I can find her.
I can wish the kelp away
and keep our home.
This whole place has
to be ready to ship out
in a matter of hours.
You need to be here
to set an example.
So. I guess that's it. then.
Yep.
I'm gonna find Shimmer.
What? What?!
Benji.
Benji!
What?
Do you have any idea
what your mom will do
if she finds out?
Then she'd better
not find out.
No. no. no. no. no.
I am not covering for you.
I'm scared enough of my mom!
Just be cool.
I won't be long.
How can you say that?
No one even knows
where Shimmer is.
-Actually.
-Huh?
I might be able to
help you find her.
No way!
You know they can't be trusted.
And why would you help us?
What's in it for you?
A hot vent like Mr.
Lobster over there?
Oh. yeah!
That's the business.
Maybe while you're
wishing the kelp away.
you throw in a little hot
vent for your starfish buddy.
Okay.
What do you got?
I just got a sea-mail
off the Starfish Network.
Word is Shimmer's at
Jellyfish Junction.
but a couple of fish were
asking about her too.
If they get there first.
she'll be all wished out!
Sorry. I don't know
why I keep doing that.
Jellyfish Junction's close.
There's no way two
fish can beat me there.
Hey. cover for me
'til I get back.
I won't let you down!
You're gonna blow it for sure.
I know.
♪ And we passed another rock
♪ And it looks
like the last one ♪
♪ Except this has more moss
♪ Or maybe it has less
Ugh.
♪ I can't remember
the last rock ♪
♪ If I'm being totally honest
Pip! It's been 45 minutes.
Well. what song
would you like?
I don't want any!
There it is.
Ooh. I love that song!
♪ There it is. there it is
♪ You lost it for a
while but there it is ♪
No! Jellyfish Junction.
Look!
There it is!
Where is everyone?
What happened to this place?
Bloomin' cuttlefish is what!
Carrying on like an absolute
ink stain. if you ask me.
Why would anyone do this?
Reckons he was
looking for Shimmer.
Shouting and inking
all over the place.
So. we're doing our
best to duck for cover.
And we copped the
business end of a rock.
square in the tentacles.
And he just
left you like this?
Worse.
He's like. "Oi. tell
us where Shimmer is
and I'll free yous."
Which I called
bull-shark on right away.
But we've hardly got
much choice. do we?
So we tell him and he's
like. "Ah. catch yous."
and off he pops.
What?
Sorry. forgot you
don't speak Australian.
They said a cuttlefish
did this to them
even though they told
him where Shimmer is.
Wait.
You know where Shimmer is?
Shimmer?
Did you hear
that. Pip? She's real!
Pip?
Pip!
Don't worry.
I'll have you out in no time.
Pip!
Watch out!
Whoa!
What the flip?
The tentacles. Stingers.
Deadly.
What?
Those stingers
on our tentacles?
Real killer for
a little lady like you
if you got stung.
Oh.
So. how should we proceed. then?
We should leave.
We can't leave!
We'll come back.
We just have to find
Shimmer and make our wish.
Then we can help them.
And they're just stuck
to the bottom of
the ocean 'til then?
Did you not hear
what they just said?
Someone else is
looking for Shimmer!
And they've got a head start.
If they get to her first.
she won't have any
wish power left.
Well. I'm sorry but I happen
to live by a certain code.
Always help friends
stuck under a rock
because it's friendly
and when you do.
they'll be your friends
and they'll help you someday
when you're under a rock
or some other big heavy thing.
You just made that up.
And it's terribly worded.
Great message though. hey?
And we'll fully help yous
if you're trapped
under a thing and that.
See?
Pip. no!
Oh. for the love
of Blub Blub Blub.
Out of the way!
-Hey?
-Hm?
Oh no.
Mr. Fish!
Mr. Fish? Are you okay?
I'm great.
I'm on a fun and
exciting adventure
with Pippetty Pip-Pip Pip Pip!
Pippetty Pip-Pip!
And we're gonna find us a
Skimper. that magic flish.
You mean. Shimmer?
Ah. he doesn't know
what he means. eh?
Old mate's fighting
at least five blasts
of neurotoxins right now.
Isn't water weird?
What even is water?
Don't stress. he'll be
good as in three. two. one.
Okay. What happened?
You freed the jellyfish!
Cheers. mate!
And. I think
you saved my life.
I did?
Uh-huh.
But we still have
to find Shimmer.
so. come on now. you big hero.
Let's go!
Hero?
Pip! Wait up!
So. do you think
we've got any chance
of catching up to
that cuttlefish?
I reckon. since he's going
to the complete
wrong place.
What?
Had a feeling he was
gonna stitch us off.
after being such a massive
ink stain up to that point.
So we sent him in the
total wrong direction.
Straight into a kelp forest!
-Cop that.
-Oh. you know.
but since you two helped us.
we'll tell yous the truth.
My roommate's long
lost mother's psychic
said she saw something shimmery
out of the corner of her eye
heading into Dolphin Cove.
It's just up there.
where the Reef turns
pink and purple.
Thank you. thank you.
thank you. thank you!
Hey!
Hm.
See ya! Bye!
So. Shimmer is at
Dolphin Cove. huh?
This kelp is impossible!
Why would Shimmer even be here?
Maybe she wouldn't.
Huh?
Word on the current is
that you got some bad intel.
From who?
Couple of jellies
with a score to settle.
I was a bit of an
ink stain to them.
Ooh. they got you hook.
line. and sinker. hermano.
Gave Shimmer's real
location to a sea dragon kid
and some fish with
a sad. pouty. face.
-So. where is she?
-Ah. ah!
Like. crazy pouty.
-Whatever. Where is she?
-Ah. ah. wait.
Like. when you see his face
and you're like.
Is everything okay?
'Cause I'd be happy to talk
it out with you if you want.
I know that we barely
know each other.
but I'd be happy to change that.
Maybe over some coffee or
some tea?
Would you just tell me where
Shimmer actually is. please?
Oye. such an ink stain.
She's at Dolphin Cove. okay?
Just don't
forget about that hot tub
when you're making your wish.
Now. you'd better ink
it fast. hermanito.
Because they are way--
Why did I tell him to ink it?
Come on. Benji. Let's go!
What is taking him so long?
Perhaps he will never return
and you will be blamed
for his disappearance.
You're not helping.
I'm not trying to.
What am I gonna
say if she sees me?
Who?
What do you mean. who?
The scariest cuttlefish
in the whole ocean.
I don't follow.
His mom.
Hm?
Benji's mom.
Marin!
Yes?
You knew she was there?
Oui.
Where is my son?
You have a son?
But you're so
youthful and vibrant!
Oh! Oh. you mean Benji?
Oh yeah. he's just.
um...
-he's just--
-Getting some moving shells.
Getting some moving shells!
To. to help with the move.
Which he's totally on
board with now. as am I.
Superb idea. Marin. Yes.
yes. yeah. yep. yep. yep.
You know I don't
have a lot of time
for dishonesty. Archie.
If I find out what you've
told me isn't true.
you do know who'll
be hearing about it.
Yes. ma'am.
If he's not by
my side by the time
the pod is ready to ship out.
I'll hold you
personally responsible.
Now what?
Nothing I do is gonna get
Benji back here any faster.
You could buy
yourself some time.
You could slow down
the rest of the pod
being ready to ship out.
What're you talking about?
Sabotage.
Rightio. bring her in.
Put her down over
there. thanks. mate.
-Yah!
-Alright.
Taking five.
Nice work. everyone.
Huh? Oh!
Okay. let's get back to...
...what the?
Where are the shells?
Can't move shells if
you can't find them.
And no one will ever know.
Hey!
Are those the extra supplies?
Yep. that's them.
Ha!
What a time saver!
That's exactly
where they need to go.
Way to take the
initiative. kid.
Thanks to you.
we're gonna be ready
to ship out even faster.
Hey. bring the
rest of it over here!
Roger that.
Alright. mate.
Hm.
Any other bright ideas?
Just one. Hide.
Do you think
that could be it?
Yeah. There's
a pretty good chance.
Come on!
Do you think they
used enough pink?
Oh...
Oh my God.
Awesome.
Yeah. Well.
Who is she?
We need to meet her now!
Wait. we don't
know them. stop!
Excuse you?
I don't think we invited
you to Dolphin Cove.
Oh my gosh. you're so pretty.
Well. yeah.
We're pink dolphins?
It's like. we're dolphins
but we're also pink?
She gets it. Karina.
Ooh.
♪ Yeah
♪ That's right
Mm.
Stop.
I'm dead.
Ugh. put me in a box.
What?
What do you mean what?
Your lips. babe.
Where did you get them done?
You gotta tell me.
Done?
Stop. You were
not born with those.
I'm obsessed.
So fin.
Not trying to make fin happen.
It's not going to happen!
Okay. that's enough.
We're looking for...
Shimmer.
Have you seen her?
Well. yeah.
She's the Star of the Ocean.
Why wouldn't she
visit Dolphin Cove?
Yes! Then you can help.
My parents are having 300
new baby brothers and sisters
and our home was too small
for all of them and me.
so I had to make it bigger.
but then Mr. Fish's boat
crushed the whole thing
and now I have no home
and my mom and dad will be
mad and everything will change
and I just need Shimmer
to grant me my wish
and make it all okay again!
Okay. That was a lot.
We are way too starving
to follow all that.
We should
get Shark Shack!
You
know that bloats me.
And it's way too far.
Well. I don't
know what's closer.
Hm?
Hm.
Huh?
They are.
Well. that took
an unfortunate turn.
I'll take the little
one. she looks sweet.
I'll try him. I
love bitter!
Swim. Pip!
I told you. this is
why you don't talk
to fish you don't know!
Aren't they mammals?
Watch out!
Aw. you're getting tired.
Get ready for brunch. girls!
It's no good.
they're too fast!
Over there!
Go!
It's okay.
We're safe now.
They won't find us in here.
Found them!
Hey. girl!
Here. fishy fishy!
We just wanna talk!
I thought we were
gonna eat them?
Shut up. Karina.
Wait. Where is it?
Oh.
Well. well. well.
Who do we have here?
It's the fish
we were chasing from earlier.
What?
Are you girls still
in the mood for fish?
Actually no.
Yeah. me neither.
That kelp was
actually really filling.
And I'm not bloated.
We should have this.
like. all of the time.
Yeah! So lucky
they hid in there.
For once. so true.
Thank you.
If there's ever
anything we can do.
Well. see ya!
-Wait!
-What?
You said you'd help us
if there was ever
anything you could do.
Who takes that literally?
We need to know
where Shimmer is.
Wow. Thirsty
for Shimmer. much?
You're like.
obsessed with her.
It's giving heavy
stalker vibes.
I know. right?
Sorry.
It's just way more fun
on that side of
the conversation.
Hm. Could you
please just tell us?
It would be so fin.
-Yuck!
-Ew!
Never say that again.
What. you mean. so fin?
-Gross!
-No!
Stop. Or I'll use my mace.
Only if you tell
us about Shimmer.
Fine. Whatever.
My step cousin's au pair's
secret crush
saw something pink and
silver in Crystal Caves.
That's on the other
side of the ocean!
Oh. that is your point.
You must know a shortcut.
Oh. it never
ends with you two!
I'll say it again.
Okay. okay.
There is a way you
can get there faster.
What? What's happening?
You wanted a shortcut.
Hold on.
For what?
For this!
Hey!
It's important to hold a
grownup's claw before crossing.
But why?
It's a classic.
Hm?
Hm.
It still kind of works.
Come on. Benji.
You're almost there.
Huh?
Huh.
He is really pouty.
That was so fun!
I feel so alive!
Wasn't that the best?
It was... okay.
Was that a smile?
-No.
-I think it was!
♪ Somebody liked it
-♪ Somebody had fun
-No!
-♪ You did a smile
-No. stop. stop!
-♪ Fishy fishy smile
-Don't do that!
-♪ Pout pout. pout pout pout
-Whoa. hey. okay.
-♪ He he he he hm hm hm
-Just hold it!
-What?
-Look.
Crystal Caves.
Let's go get her.
It's none of our business. Pip.
But what if she needs help?
And what if she
tries to eat us?
We can't leave her
when she sounds so sad.
We don't know that fish.
Maybe it's her hungry sound.
Good point.
Are you sad or are you hungry?
What are you doing?
You said we didn't know.
My pup swam into the
crevasse and hasn't come up.
I think he's lost!
Sounds sad to me.
Huh?
Do you need someone
to go down there
and find him for you?
Pip!
What?
A whale got lost down there.
Do you not realize how much
more easily we could get lost?
Okay. So what do you suggest?
We go into Crystal
Caves. find Shimmer.
wish for our homes back.
then we come back
and help the whale.
Did you ever
get lost as a kid?
Did it feel like you could
just wait around forever?
Dad! Dad. where are you?
How do you know
we'll make it back?
I don't.
Pup? Pup.
Hm?
If this turns
out to be a setup
so your baby can eat us.
I'm gonna be very disappointed.
We don't even eat fish.
Pup pup pup?
Puppy. Pup?
Pup? Come here. little pup.
Whoa!
Mr. Fish? You're here!
I can't see
anything down here.
Me neither.
Grab my fin.
Ow!
Okay. let's try this way.
It has to be this way.
Ow!
No. No. no. no. no. no. no.
Huh. Well. I guess
you were right.
We did get lost.
I told you!
This is exactly why I
didn't wanna do this!
But oh no. we have to go
in and save the whale pup.
Now I'm gonna die in a
crevasse. and you know why?
Because you approached
a fish you didn't know.
It's a mammal.
Oh. come on.
We made so many
new friends today.
No. you made friends
because you're little
and cute and frilly.
You don't see what everyone's
really like. but I do.
I guess I just
wanted to believe
every fish had
some good in them.
Well. fat lot
of good that did.
Look around!
Fine. I will.
What are you doing?
If I find some light.
I can find the whale pup.
So. I'm gonna keep looking.
And get more lost? Or eaten?
Maybe I will!
But I'd rather fail
alone out there
than give up with
someone like you in here
who thinks I'm just
cute and frilly.
Wait. Pip! We have
to stick together!
Pip!
Pip?
Blub Blub Blub.
Look. I'm sorry. okay?
I shouldn't have blamed you.
Without you. we never
would've got this close
to finding Shimmer.
Honestly. without you.
I would've stopped
believing in her entirely.
You were right.
I do only look for
the bad in other fish.
Because I'm scared that's
all they'll see in me.
I'm a Pout-Pout Fish
with a Pout-Pout face.
That's all I've ever been.
Until I met you.
And you saw something else.
I don't know how we're
gonna get out of here.
but I do know I can't do
it without someone like you
who keeps looking for the light.
even in the darkest places.
But what if we don't get out?
And we never find Shimmer?
You said it yourself.
You're not even sure
that she's real.
I know.
But that wasn't true.
Well. hello there.
She was the nicest.
most beautiful
fish I'd ever seen.
Can I help you. little fish?
I just wish I
could find my dad.
Hm. Well. let's see if
we can make that happen.
Hey!
Kiddo!
-Papa!
-There you are.
I thought I'd lost you.
Me too.
But then the big shiny
fish over there helped me.
Huh? Where did she go?
Well. thank you. shiny fish.
Boy. she really is shiny. huh?
No. she was real. I saw her.
She was right there.
Wasn't she?
Come on. let's go home.
And remember. kiddo.
it's scary out there.
We need to stick with
the fish we know.
Yes. Papa.
Bit by bit. it got easier
to accept that I imagined it.
Then I met you. and it
all started coming back.
Back then. I didn't even know
Shimmer could grant a wish.
But the truth is
she'd already given me
exactly what I wanted.
For one moment. other
fish didn't seem so scary.
The whole world felt safe.
So you think Shimmer
can grant my wish?
And I'll get a new home and
everything won't change?
Why do you keep saying that?
What do you think
is gonna change?
I'm getting 300 new
baby brothers and sisters.
I know how busy my
parents are going to be.
They won't even have time to
think about me after that.
They probably won't
even remember I exist.
But hey. if I'm down here.
Mom and Dad can find
a new home for the babies.
And I won't be there to watch
them forget all about me.
Pip. listen to me.
Your parents could
have 1.000 babies
and they wouldn't forget you.
I've been with you one day
and I'll never forget
you as long as I live.
'Cause I'm cute and frilly?
Because you care.
Even about a dreary-weary
old fish like me.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Ah!
Why is it bright?
Wow. so beautiful.
Who said that?
That is the sweetest thing
this eel has ever heard
in me entire life.
And here come the raindrops!
Sorry to eavesdrop.
but I can't resist
a heart-wrenching
coming of age origin story.
Well. goodbye forever.
Wait!
I know you don't know us.
but do you think maybe
you could help us?
Whoa. Woo!
Any sign of him?
Not yet.
Wait. look!
Aha. bingo!
Hey. buddy. Are you
looking for your mom?
I got so lost in the dark.
That's okay. We did too.
Come on. let's get
you back to your mom.
Huh?
Mom!
Pup!
Thank goodness.
Thank you.
Oh. blimey! How
bright is it up here?
How do any of you still
have your corneas?
Thank you for all
your help. Mr. Eel.
Oh. the pleasure was all mine.
Um. we're over here.
Of course!
There you are.
Come back anytime.
Ow! Who put that there?
Well. I guess this is it.
Shall we go find Shimmer?
Nothing can stop us now.
Woo!
Yes!
Yeah! Woo!
Woo!
Mr. Fish. look!
I know those colors. It's her!
Shimmer!
I knew you were real.
Well. hello again.
It's been a long time.
You're all grown up.
Oh. uh. thank you.
Shimmer. we need to make a wish.
I understand.
but there are some--
What was that?
I'm sorry.
But I have to do this.
No!
-Shimmer!
What do we do?
Follow that cuttlefish!
Hurry!
Kelp!
Turtles!
High score!
-Okay.
-School zone!
Huh?
-Her skin is glowing.
-Whoa!
Go on.
Come on. Mr. Fish.
we've almost got them!
Okay. this ends now.
He got away!
There!
Hurry! Before he makes a wish!
Swim. Pip!
It's time.
Cuttlefish of the Abyss.
Saying goodbye is never easy.
We've all loved this place.
It's been our home. where
we've met new friends.
fallen in love. shared
moments with family.
and felt safe.
But I think I speak for
every single one of us
when I say-- where's my son?
-What?
-Uh. I wasn't thinking that.
My son's right there.
Hey!
Huh? Ah!
Hm!
Here she comes.
You ready?
No.
-Great!
-Oh!
Ow!
Marin! What a lovely surprise.
-And might I--
-Where is he?
We're about to go.
Yeah. well. Benji's
been going for a while
if you follow my current.
You still with me pal?
Owie. oh!
Oh! Ooh la la!
Oh. he got a hold
of some bad clams.
But he'll be ready soon.
Archibald Vincenzo Squidrioli.
You do know how bad this gets
if I have to tell your mother?
Ah!
Yeah. well. can't be any
worse than those clams!
I wouldn't count on that.
Huh?
What? Who are you?
Ah. bonjour. I'm Benji?
Okay. the truth is that--
- Everyone!
- Huh?
Could I
have your attention?
He's right there!
Ha ha ha. funny. right?
No need to tell my mom. bye!
The move is off!
We don't have to leave our home!
-Great!
-So we can stay?
Benji.
Mom. look. Shimmer is real.
-Oh my God.
-It's really her!
It's her!
-Shimmer!
-Shimmer. can I make a wish?
-Please. please!
-Please. grant my wish.
-I need a wish.
-Shimmer. no. grant me.
-Shimmer. please!
-I need a wish!
-Shimmer!
-Shimmer. help me.
-Please. please.
Shimmer.
In honor of my mother
and my pod. I wish for--
Stop!
Please don't take our wish.
I wish for you
to get rid of all the kelp
covering our Abyss. so we
don't have to leave our home.
No.
My eyes!
-It's so bright!
-What is that?
Yes!
I can't.
Huh?
Is this because
I fish-napped you?
It didn't help.
But you have to.
that's the rule.
You're the wishing fish.
No. I'm not.
I can't grant your wish.
Or yours.
I don't have the
power to grant wishes.
I never have.
What?
Sacre bleu!
But I met you
when I was little.
You granted my wish
to find my dad.
No.
You made that wish come true
when you found the confidence
to come out from
where you were hiding
so he could see you.
I look different
from other fish.
So everyone assumed
I have some kind of power.
but the truth is. the power
to make wishes come true
lies inside of you. not me.
Then it's settled.
Mom?
We leave now to
redevelop the Reef.
Sacre bleu!
Redevelop the Reef?
Wait! Stop. stop!
You disobeyed me and forced
a friend to lie for you.
That's not the
behavior of a leader.
I'm very disappointed
in you. Benji.
Archie!
Hm? Huh?
Hey. guys.
Ah. hi.
I think you should
leave the Reef.
I think I should
What's going on up there?
They can't redevelop the Reef.
What are we going to do?
You really can't
help us at all?
I wish I could.
I never wanna let anyone down.
That's why I
constantly move around.
Trust me. if I was magical.
I would've granted my own wish
and got rid of my
shimmer for good.
Don't say that.
You are magical.
That shimmer gives
fish like us hope.
Hmm. Huh?
To keep looking for the light.
even in the darkest places.
That's it!
We can still save the Reef!
What do you say?
Me? I'm no use to anyone.
My own mom doesn't
even want me around.
You were just trying to
save your home. like us.
So. let's make that
happen together.
You really think
you can save my home?
I think we can.
How?
Because. when you help
friends stuck under a rock.
they'll help you
when you're under a rock...
...or another big heavy thing.
- I don't understand.
and that was terribly worded.
Benji. how fast
can you get a message
to Jellyfish Junction.
Dolphin Cove.
and Crystal Caves?
Not fast enough.
But I do know somebody who can!
Hm?
Me?
To the right. slightly.
What do you want to say?
Hey. friends.
You know what it's
a great day for?
Leaving forever.
It is a great
day to leave forever.
Right
this way. Thank you.
It's Beautiful Mike. and
a strangely unbeautiful day
on the Beautiful Reef as
some kind of mass evacuation
seems to be happening.
Hey. hey. Who are you?
Oh. okay. Whoa.
what are you doing?
Whoa! Cool skin.
Hey. superstar. Love the show.
But I'd love it more.
off the Reef.
The show must go off the Reef.
Whoa. no wait. no. no!
No!
What is happening?
Where are you going?
How are they doing this?
This is what cuttlefish do.
We can hypnotize other fish.
We're gonna have to move fast.
What are we going to do?
Sh. quiet. Or
they will find us.
Don't look them in the eyes!
Huh?
Huh.
Shimmer!
Shimmer. we need a wish.
Please? Save the Reef!
If you want me
to grant your wish.
you have to listen to Mr. Fish.
Huh?
-Mr. Fish?
-Why Mr. Fish?
Did she mean
for that to rhyme?
We can keep our Reef.
but only if we work together.
trust each other.
and leave immediately.
-Hm?
-Huh?
I know. it's scary.
But it's the only way.
We have to find the confidence
to come out from
where we're hiding.
So. who's with me?
Hm?
Mm-hmm. Hm!
Everyone. follow me!
We need to destroy
all this kelp!
So eat it. cut it. tear
it. whatever it takes!
Just keep going.
as fast as you can.
Yeah. boy!
Phew!
It's been a lot of hard work.
but I think we're almost done.
I'm not too sure about that.
Take that. kelp!
Aw.
It's too much.
I know. but what
else can we do?
We just gotta hope our
friends got the message.
With the speed of a rip tide.
And the beauty of a goddess.
And the hunger of
a 300-pound mammal
after a five-day juice cleanse.
Get ready for...
All-you-can-eat kelp!
This is so fin!
I made fin happen!
This is really happening!
You bet it's
happening. sister!
'Cause when this kelp
meets our stingers-
The results will be. shocking!
This could actually work.
I don't know.
There's still so much.
Huh?
Then it's lucky
we've got backup.
No way.
Hi. cuttlefish!
-Hi.
Tear it apart. everyone!
Amazing.
I don't know what to say.
Friends help friends.
Now it's your turn.
Mm-hmm.
Mom!
-Oi!
-Mom!
Mom?
Slow down!
Mom. We have to stop this.
I'll just be a second.
-Mm-hmm.
-We've been over this.
But you don't understand.
No. you don't understand.
This is what has to happen.
Our old home is gone.
Look. I know I shouldn't have
snuck off behind your back.
I know I shouldn't have
dragged my friend into my lie.
And I know I'm not the
leader you want me to be.
I'm sorry. Mom.
But a leader also stands up
for what they believe is right.
You taught me that.
I love our pod.
And I love our home.
So I was willing to believe
in a crazy miracle to save it.
And the thing about
crazy miracles.
if you believe enough.
sometimes they come true.
What do you think. Mom?
I. I can't believe it.
Benji.
I think you're ready.
Really?
You want me to take over
leadership of the pod?
What? No!
Huh?
You're being promoted
to Deputy Assistant
to the Head of Sanitation
and Waste Disposal.
Oh.
But it's a first step.
You showed me something today.
I'm so proud of you. Benji.
Thanks. Mom.
So. would you like
to do the honors?
Cuttlefish of the pod.
the redevelopment is off.
We will return to the Abyss.
Huh?
This is why they call
us cuddlefish!
-Archie.
-Dude.
Ha! Sorry.
I'm just excited.
You should be.
You didn't blow it as much
as I thought you would.
That is the nicest thing
anyone has ever said to me.
Mom. Dad! You're back!
Oh. we missed you so much!
You-- you did?
Of course!
Now. say hi to your
new brothers and sisters.
Hm.
Thank you. for all of this.
If there's ever
anything we can do.
Well. there is one project
that could use some extra fins.
Almost there. And drop it in.
Well done. boys.
I can't believe they
restored the whole thing.
Even the sea mold.
You think mine's impressive?
I guess you've got
plenty of space
for those brothers
and sisters now.
Eh. not as much
as you'd think.
Come back and
read us that story!
-It's very good!
-Story?
It's nothing.
Hey!
"The Pout-Pout Fish"?
Hm.
What?
I just think more fish should
hear about our adventures.
And I've already
got sharks circling
to turn it into a movie.
Like that'll ever happen.
Thank you.
Mr. Fish? I'm really glad
you destroyed my home.
Me too.
Hm.
We're almost done here. pal.
Just need you to tell
us where you want this.
Hm?
Chuck it.
Okay.
-Look at you.
-Huh?
You should be so
proud of yourself.
Huh?
So. what do you wanna do?
We could watch the snail races
or catch up with the clams.
Oh. the crabs have a new
game they wanna show me.
So beautiful.
He's come such a long way.
Gosh. I love a happy ending.
Ow!
Every flipping time!
Awesome.
♪ Never thought I
could go from you ♪
♪ But it sure feels good
to me ♪
♪ Cut the dark
and now I'm alive ♪
♪ Turns out you were the key
♪ Found my voice.
got a lot to say ♪
♪ And I know that
talk ain't cheap ♪
♪ Saw myself as
a rolling stone ♪
♪ Now I like you next to me
♪ Spinning round and round and
now I'm getting somewhere ♪
♪ Got to keep from rising
♪ You gotta find yourself
♪ And I'm coming
back full circle ♪
♪ You gotta find yourself
♪ And I won't be afraid to be
♪ So you don't hold
onto the heartache ♪
♪ You gotta find yourself
♪ Oh. I'm coming back to me
♪ Find. find. find. find
♪ Never opened my
heart this way ♪
♪ But it sure feels good
to me ♪
♪ Diving into
the deep unknown ♪
♪ Now I'm just breaking free.
now I'm just breaking free ♪
♪ Can't forget you
gotta let the love in ♪
♪ So just let
yourself believe it ♪
♪ Cracked my shell.
got stories to tell ♪
♪ Now I'm coming back to me
♪ Spinning round and round and
now I'm getting somewhere ♪
♪ Got to keep from rising
♪ Yeah. yeah. you've
gotta find yourself ♪
♪ And I'm coming
back full circle ♪
♪ You gotta find yourself
♪ And I won't be afraid
to be. no I won't ♪
♪ You gotta find yourself
♪ So you don't hold onto the
heartache. don't you hold on ♪
♪ You gotta find yourself.
no. no ♪
♪ I'm coming back to me
♪ You gotta find yourself.
coming back. yeah ♪
♪ Bring it back. yeah. and
I'm coming back full circle ♪
♪ You gotta find yourself.
you gotta find ♪
♪ You gotta find.
and I won't be afraid to be ♪
♪ You gotta find yourself.
I'm coming back ♪
♪ Bring it back. so you don't
hold onto the heartache ♪
♪ You gotta find yourself.
no. no. no ♪
♪ Oh. I'm coming back to me
♪ Find. find. find. find
My seaweed chips!
The window is open.
Repeat. the window is open.
Huh?
What?
♪ I'm coming back.
yeah. bring it back ♪
♪ I'm coming back to me
♪ I'm coming back.
yeah. bring it back ♪
yes. yes. yeah ♪
♪ Coming back. y'all.
I'm coming back ♪
♪ Bring it back.
y'all. bring it back ♪
♪ Coming back.
I'm coming back to me ♪
♪ Coming back. y'all.
I'm coming back ♪
♪ Bring it back.
y'all. bring it back ♪
♪ Coming back. I'm coming
back. yes. yes. yeah ♪
♪ You gotta find yourself
♪ And I'm coming back
full circle ♪
♪ You gotta find yourself
♪ And I won't be afraid to be.
no I won't ♪
♪ You gotta find yourself
♪ So you don't hold onto
the heartache. no ♪
♪ You gotta find yourself.
no. no. no ♪
♪ I'm coming to back to me
♪ You gotta find yourself.
coming back. yeah.
bring it back ♪
♪ And I'm coming
back full circle ♪
♪ You gotta find yourself.
you gotta find ♪
♪ And I won't be afraid to be
♪ You gotta find yourself.
I'm coming back. yeah ♪
♪ Bring it back. so you don't
hold onto the heartache ♪
♪ You gotta find yourself.
no. no. no ♪
♪ Oh. I'm coming back to me
♪ Find. find. find. find
Well. goodbye forever.